#separator:tab
#html:true
#tags column:3
What is the primary purpose of a DLP alert?	To notify analysts when activity matches a DLP policy condition set up to indicate when sensitive data could have been shared to a location that is not a regular part of an organisations agreed upon operations and therefore a potential security issue.	DLP Purview
Which portal is primarily used to review and tune DLP policies?	Microsoft Purview.	DLP Purview
Which portal is primarily used to investigate DLP alerts as part of a larger security incident?	Microsoft Defender XDR.	DLP Purview
What are the stages of the DLP alert lifecycle?	Trigger, Notify, Triage, Investigate, Remediate, and Tune.	DLP Purview
What is the purpose of DLP triage?	To validate, prioritise, and assign the alert.	DLP Purview
When should a DLP investigation move to Defender XDR?	When broader security correlation is required.	DLP Purview
What tool should be used to review user actions over time during a DLP investigation?	Activity Explorer.	DLP Purview
What tool should be used to inspect files or messages that matched a DLP policy?	Content Explorer.	DLP Purview
What is the difference between a single-event alert and an aggregate-event alert?	Single-event alerts trigger on each match; aggregate alerts require a threshold.	DLP Purview
What does Security Copilot provide during DLP investigations?	Summaries, context, and recommended next actions.	DLP Purview
What factors are used by the DLP Triage Agent?	Content risk, exfiltration risk, and policy risk.	DLP Purview
Why would DLP alerts be sent to Microsoft Sentinel?	To enable wider correlation and automation.	DLP Purview
How should a false-positive DLP alert be handled?	Close it appropriately and tune policies if required.	DLP Purview
How are Insider Risk alerts generated?	User activity is evaluated, assigned risk, and compared against thresholds.	Insider Risk
How can Insider Risk alert volume be increased?	Increase scope, lower thresholds, or enable more indicators.	Insider Risk
How can Insider Risk alert volume be reduced?	Reduce scope, raise thresholds, and apply exclusions.	Insider Risk
What is the purpose of the Alerts dashboard in Insider Risk Management?	To prioritise, investigate, and manage alerts.	Insider Risk
What feature automatically highlights high-priority insider risk alerts?	Spotlight.	Insider Risk
What actions can be taken during Insider Risk triage?	Dismiss, assign, or create a case.	Insider Risk
What is the purpose of the Insider Risk Triage Agent?	To automatically analyse and prioritise alerts.	Insider Risk
What factors are used by the Insider Risk Triage Agent?	Risk indicators, policy type, and user context.	Insider Risk
What is the difference between Activity Explorer and User Activity?	Activity Explorer focuses on events; User Activity focuses on behavioural trends.	Insider Risk
Why would an analyst investigate Insider Risk alerts in Defender XDR?	To correlate them with identity, endpoint, and other security signals.	Insider Risk
Which Advanced Hunting tables are commonly used for Insider Risk investigations?	AlertInfo, AlertEvidence, DataSecurityBehaviors, and DataSecurityEvents.	Insider Risk
What is the purpose of an Insider Risk case?	To manage and track high-risk investigations.	Insider Risk
How can an Insider Risk case be resolved?	As Benign or Confirmed Policy Violation.	Insider Risk
What is the primary purpose of Microsoft Purview Audit?	To record and search historical activity across Microsoft 365.	Audit Purview
What is the Unified Audit Log?	A central repository for Microsoft 365 audit events.	Audit Purview
What is the difference between a Record Type and an Operation?	Record Type identifies the workload; Operation identifies the action performed.	Audit Purview
Which PowerShell cmdlet is commonly used to search audit data?	Search-UnifiedAuditLog.	Audit Purview
What does the MailItemsAccessed event record?	Message-level mailbox access activity.	Audit Purview
What is a key limitation of Purview Audit?	It provides historical records rather than real-time detection and prevention.	Audit Purview
Which Purview solution should be used to search content, apply legal holds, and export evidence?	eDiscovery.	eDiscovery Purview
What is the primary purpose of Microsoft Purview eDiscovery?	To search, preserve, review, and export Microsoft 365 content for investigations.	eDiscovery Purview
Which roles can manage eDiscovery cases?	eDiscovery Manager and eDiscovery Administrator.	eDiscovery Purview
What additional capabilities does an eDiscovery Administrator have?	Managing settings and role assignments across cases.	eDiscovery Purview
Can Global Administrators access eDiscovery cases automatically?	No. They must also receive eDiscovery permissions.	eDiscovery Purview
Why must every eDiscovery search be associated with a case?	To provide investigation management, auditing, and controlled access.	eDiscovery Purview
Can a user access an eDiscovery case with the correct role but without case membership?	No. Case membership is also required.	eDiscovery Purview
Which Microsoft 365 workloads can be searched using eDiscovery?	Exchange, SharePoint, OneDrive, Teams, Microsoft 365 Groups, and Viva Engage.	eDiscovery Purview
What are the phases of an eDiscovery search?	Define scope, identify data sources, build the query, and review results.	eDiscovery Purview
What language can be used to create advanced eDiscovery searches?	KQL.	eDiscovery Purview
What is the purpose of a review set?	To perform detailed analysis before export or response.	eDiscovery Purview
