#separator:tab
#html:true
#tags column:3
What is Microsoft Defender for Endpoint (MDE)?	A platform that helps organizations prevent, detect, investigate, and respond to endpoint threats.	MDE
What three core technologies power Microsoft Defender for Endpoint?	Endpoint behavioral sensors, cloud security analytics, and threat intelligence.	MDE
What is the purpose of endpoint behavioral sensors?	To collect and send operating system behavioral signals to Defender for Endpoint.	MDE
What is the purpose of cloud security analytics?	To use machine learning and threat intelligence to generate detections, insights, and response recommendations.	MDE
What is the purpose of Microsoft threat intelligence in Defender for Endpoint?	To identify attacker tools, techniques, and procedures (TTPs).	MDE
What is Threat and Vulnerability Management (TVM)?	A capability that discovers, assesses, prioritizes, and helps remediate vulnerabilities and misconfigurations.	MDE TVM
What is a key benefit of TVM?	It provides continuous vulnerability assessment without requiring periodic scans.	MDE TVM
What is the primary purpose of Attack Surface Reduction (ASR)?	To reduce opportunities for attackers by hardening devices and blocking common attack techniques.	ASR MDE
What feature helps protect important folders from ransomware?	Controlled Folder Access.	ASR MDE
What ASR feature extends SmartScreen protections beyond Microsoft Edge?	Network Protection.	ASR MDE
What is the purpose of Microsoft Defender Antivirus?	To provide next-generation antimalware protection.	AV MDE
What Defender Antivirus capability improves detection of emerging threats?	Cloud-delivered protection.	AV MDE
What is Endpoint Detection and Response (EDR)?	A capability that detects, investigates, and responds to advanced attacks using behavioral telemetry.	EDR MDE
What is the difference between an alert and an incident in Defender for Endpoint?	An alert represents suspicious activity; an incident correlates related alerts into a single investigation.	Investigations MDE
What is the purpose of Automated Investigation and Remediation (AIR)?	To automatically investigate alerts and perform remediation actions.	AIR MDE
Why is AIR important?	It reduces analyst workload and alert volume.	AIR MDE
What is Advanced Hunting used for?	To proactively search endpoint telemetry for threats.	Hunting MDE
Which query language is used by Advanced Hunting?	Kusto Query Language (KQL).	Hunting MDE
What KQL operator filters rows matching a condition?	where	Hunting MDE
What KQL operator aggregates data?	summarize	Hunting MDE
What KQL operator combines multiple tables?	join	Hunting MDE
What KQL operator returns selected columns?	project	Hunting MDE
What KQL operator creates calculated columns?	extend	Hunting MDE
What KQL best practice improves performance?	Apply time and other filters early in the query.	Hunting MDE
Which KQL keyword is generally more efficient than contains when matching full tokens?	has	Hunting MDE
When joining tables, which table should generally be placed on the left side?	The table with fewer rows.	Hunting MDE
What capability allows analysts to create detections from hunting queries?	Advanced Hunting custom detection rules.	Hunting MDE
An analyst wants to identify unmanaged devices connected to the corporate network. Which MDE capability should they use?	Device Discovery.	MDE Scenario
A newly onboarded device has been configured. What should be done next?	Run a detection test and verify reporting.	MDE Scenario
Why would an organisation use RBAC in Defender for Endpoint?	To control what users can view and what actions they can perform.	Administration MDE
What is the purpose of a Device Group?	To organise devices and control visibility, permissions, and remediation settings.	Administration MDE
A security analyst needs to remotely investigate a compromised endpoint. Which feature should they use?	Live Response.	MDE Response
What does EDR in Block Mode provide?	Protection and remediation of malicious artifacts even when Defender Antivirus runs in passive mode.	MDE Response
What is Tamper Protection designed to prevent?	Unauthorized changes to Defender security settings.	MDE Protection
Why integrate Defender for Identity with Defender for Endpoint?	To correlate identity and endpoint investigations.	Integration MDE
Why integrate Intune with Defender for Endpoint?	To support device risk-based Conditional Access decisions.	Integration MDE
What feature allows administrators to create allow or block rules for domains, URLs, and IP addresses?	Custom Network Indicators.	MDE Protection
What is the purpose of Web Content Filtering?	To block unwanted website categories and monitor web activity.	MDE Protection
Why should Global Administrator not be used for routine MDE administration?	Microsoft recommends using the least-privileged role necessary.	Administration MDE
Why should SOC analysts understand ASR?	ASR events often appear as security controls and investigative evidence.	ASR MDE
What are ASR rules designed to stop?	Common attacker techniques and risky application behavior.	ASR MDE
Which ASR component uses virtualization-based security?	Hardware-based Isolation.	ASR MDE
Which ASR component requires applications to earn trust before they run?	Application Control.	ASR MDE
Which ASR component protects against exploits targeting operating systems and applications?	Exploit Protection.	ASR MDE
Which ASR component monitors removable media such as USB devices?	Device Control.	ASR MDE
What are the four possible states of an ASR rule?	Not Configured, Block, Audit, and Warn.	ASR MDE
Why is Audit mode recommended before Block mode?	To identify business impact and required exclusions.	ASR MDE
What does Warn mode do?	Blocks the action but allows the user to bypass protection.	ASR MDE
Which ASR rule helps prevent LSASS credential theft?	Block credential stealing from lsass.exe.	ASR MDE
Which ASR rule helps protect against ransomware?	Use advanced protection against ransomware.	ASR MDE
Can files and folders be excluded from ASR evaluation?	Yes.	ASR MDE
What is the difference between Device Risk Level and Device Exposure Level?	Risk Level reflects active threats; Exposure Level reflects vulnerabilities and security recommendations.	Investigation MDE
What device health state indicates a device has not reported for more than seven days?	Inactive.	Investigation MDE
What is event flagging used for in the Device Timeline?	To highlight and track events during investigations.	Investigation MDE
What does Hunt for Related Events do?	Runs an Advanced Hunting query for related activity.	Investigation MDE
What is Client Behavioral Blocking?	A capability that uses cloud analysis and machine learning to automatically block malicious behavior.	MDE Protection
What is Feedback-Loop Blocking (Rapid Protection)?	A capability that rapidly shares malware verdicts across devices.	MDE Protection
What is the difference between Basic Discovery and Standard Discovery?	Basic uses passive discovery; Standard uses passive plus active probing.	Discovery MDE
What does the onboarding status &quot;Can be onboarded&quot; mean?	The device is supported by Defender for Endpoint but is not onboarded.	Discovery MDE
What is the difference between Isolate Device and Contain Device?	Isolate disconnects a managed device; Contain blocks communication with an unmanaged discovered device.	MDE Response
When should Contain Device be used?	When a suspicious unmanaged device is discovered on the network.	MDE Response
What is Restrict App Execution used for?	To prevent applications from running on a compromised endpoint.	MDE Response
Why collect an Investigation Package?	To gather forensic artifacts for deeper analysis.	MDE Response
Which artifact helps identify persistence mechanisms?	Autoruns data.	Forensics MDE
Which artifact helps identify command-and-control activity or lateral movement?	Network Connections data.	Forensics MDE
Which artifact may reveal evidence of recently executed malware?	Prefetch files.	Forensics MDE
What is Live Response?	A secure remote shell used to investigate and respond to endpoint threats.	MDE Response
What actions can be performed through Live Response?	Run commands, execute scripts, collect files, upload tools, and perform remediation.	MDE Response
