#separator:tab
#html:true
#tags column:3
In a Microsoft XDR scenario, which tool evaluates a device's risk level and updates its compliance status?	Microsoft Intune	Basics SC-200: XDR
"In a Microsoft XDR scenario, which tool actively blocks access to corporate apps based on a device&#x27;s noncompliant status?"	Microsoft Entra ID (via Conditional Access)	Basics SC-200: XDR
What does the acronym CAE stand for in relation to Microsoft Entra ID Conditional Access?	Continuous Access Evaluation	Basics SC-200: XDR
In the Microsoft Security Operations Model, what is the primary role of Tier 1 (Triage) analysts?	Rapid remediation of high-volume, known incident types and approving automated workflows.	Model SC-200: SecOps
In the Microsoft Security Operations Model, what is the primary role of Tier 2 (Investigation) analysts?	Deep investigation into complex, multi-stage attacks and piloting new alert types.	Model SC-200: SecOps
In the Microsoft Security Operations Model, what is the primary role of Tier 3 (Hunt) analysts?	Proactively identifying undetected threats using a hypothesis-driven model.	Model SC-200: SecOps
An analyst needs to understand the full attack story behind several related alerts. Should they investigate an alert or an incident?	An incident, because it correlates multiple related alerts into a single investigation.	Scenario XDR
What is the primary function of the Microsoft Defender portal?	To provide a unified view to correlate, investigate, and respond to threats across the Microsoft security environment.	Core XDR
What query language is used for Advanced Hunting in Microsoft Defender XDR?	Kusto Query Language (KQL).	Core XDR
What feature allows analysts to review and approve or reject pending remediation actions?	The Action Center.	Core XDR
What role does Automated Investigation and Response (AIR) perform?	It automatically investigates alerts and can apply remediation actions.	Core XDR
A security manager wants to identify configuration weaknesses and prioritise security improvements. Which feature should they review?	Microsoft Secure Score.	Scenario XDR
What Defender XDR feature provides intelligence reports on active threat actors, campaigns, and zero-day vulnerabilities?	Threat Analytics.	Core XDR
What happens when you classify an incident as a False Positive?	The incident is closed and the system uses the feedback to improve future detections.	Core XDR
What is the Incident Graph in Defender XDR?	A visual representation of incident entities and their relationships.	Core XDR
What does the Attack Story tab provide?	A chronological replay of attack activity and alerts.	Core XDR
A security team wants to automatically isolate compromised endpoints when malicious activity is detected. What capability should they use?	Custom detections with automated response actions.	Scenario XDR
What status should you set an incident to while actively investigating it?	Active.	Core XDR
What is an Incident Tag used for?	To logically group, label, and filter incidents.	Core XDR
What happens when you suppress an alert?	Future alerts matching specified benign conditions will not trigger.	Core XDR
An analyst needs to investigate Entra ID sign-in activity but does not have Defender XDR Advanced Hunting available. Where can they query sign-in logs?	The SigninLogs table in a Log Analytics workspace through Microsoft Sentinel.	Scenario Sentinel
What is Automated Investigation and Response (AIR) in Defender for Office 365?	Automated playbooks that investigate threats and perform remediation actions.	Core MDO
A user clicks a malicious link several days after an email was delivered. Which Defender for Office 365 feature can still protect them?	Safe Links time-of-click protection.	MDO Scenario
What is the purpose of Safe Attachments?	To detonate unknown attachments in a sandbox before delivery.	Core MDO
What does Dynamic Delivery do in Safe Attachments?	It delivers the email body immediately while scanning the attachment separately.	Core MDO
What is the primary function of Safe Links?	Time-of-click URL rewriting and protection.	Core MDO
What is the difference between domain impersonation and email spoofing?	Impersonation uses lookalike names or domains; spoofing forges the real domain in message headers.	Core MDO
What is the Phishing Triage Agent in Microsoft Defender?	An AI-powered agent that classifies user-reported phishing submissions.	Copilot MDO
How does the Phishing Triage Agent handle true-positive phishing alerts?	It marks them as true positive and keeps the incident open.	Copilot MDO
How does the Phishing Triage Agent handle false-positive phishing alerts?	It classifies them as false positive and resolves them automatically.	Copilot MDO
A security analyst needs detailed information about email delivery, recipients, and filtering decisions. Which tool should they use?	Threat Explorer.	MDO Scenario
What Defender for Office 365 feature allows security teams to run phishing simulations?	Attack Simulation Training.	Core MDO
What are Threat Trackers?	Intelligence feeds providing visibility into notable and trending threats.	Core MDO
What tasks can a Security Operator perform in Identity Protection?	View risks and confirm or dismiss compromise findings.	Entra Identity Protection
What additional capabilities does a Security Administrator have in Identity Protection?	Configuring risk policies, alerts, and password resets.	Entra Identity Protection
A user is marked as high-risk in Identity Protection. What is the difference between User Risk and Sign-in Risk?	User Risk evaluates likelihood of account compromise; Sign-in Risk evaluates a specific authentication event.	Entra Identity Protection
What prerequisites must users satisfy to self-remediate through Identity Protection?	MFA and Self-Service Password Reset registration.	Entra Identity Protection
What happens when an administrator dismisses user risk?	The active risk detections are closed, but credentials are not automatically changed.	Entra Identity Protection
A SOC team wants to automate retrieval of risky-user and security information from Microsoft services. Which API should they use?	Microsoft Graph API.	API Graph
What is the primary purpose of Microsoft Defender for Identity (MDI)?	To monitor Active Directory and hybrid identity activity for advanced threats.	Core MDI
What are the three primary sensor deployment modes in MDI?	Domain Controller Sensor, Standalone Sensor, and AD FS/AD CS/Entra Connect Sensors.	Core MDI
If using a standalone MDI sensor, what configuration is required?	Port mirroring of domain controller traffic.	Core MDI
What account is recommended for reading Active Directory metadata in MDI?	A Group Managed Service Account (gMSA) Directory Service Account.	Core MDI
Which type of server should be included in monitored servers to resolve objects across a forest?	A Global Catalog server.	Core MDI
How can you quickly validate that an MDI sensor is capturing traffic?	Generate DNS activity (e.g. nslookup)&nbsp;and verify it appears in the Defender portal timeline.	Core MDI
In the context of MDI, what type of attack is indicated by suspicious LDAP enumeration queries?	Reconnaissance.	Chain Kill MDI
What phase of the cyber-attack kill-chain do Pass-the-Ticket (PtT) and Pass-the-Hash (PtH) attacks belong to in MDI alerts?	Lateral Movement.	Chain Kill MDI
What phase of the cyber-attack kill-chain do DCShadow, DCSync, and Golden/Silver Ticket attacks belong to in MDI alerts?	Domain Dominance.	Chain Kill MDI
If an organisation deploys a Read-Only Domain Controller without an MDI sensor, what risk exists?	A monitoring blind spot.	Core MDI
Where are Defender for Identity posture weaknesses reflected?	Microsoft Secure Score.	Core MDI
Which PAM and identity vendors integrate natively with Defender for Identity?	CyberArk, Delinea, BeyondTrust, and Okta.	Integrations MDI
Does Defender for Identity integrate directly with Intune for identity detection?	No. It integrates natively with Defender for Endpoint, Defender for Cloud Apps, and Security Copilot.	Integrations MDI
An analyst wants to identify the easiest route an attacker could use to compromise a sensitive account. Which Defender for Identity feature should they use?	Lateral Movement Paths (LMP).	MDI Scenario
What is the primary role of Microsoft Defender for Cloud Apps (MDCA)?	To act as a cloud access security broker (CASB) and provide visibility and control over cloud services.	Core MDCA
How are unsanctioned applications automatically blocked on endpoints?	Through integration with Microsoft Defender for Endpoint.	Core MDCA
What Microsoft Entra capability is required to route user sessions through MDCA for real-time control?	Conditional Access App Control.	Core MDCA
What are common Conditional Access App Control actions?	Block downloads, apply protection to downloads, and block uploads.	Core MDCA
Which MDCA policy scans cloud data at rest and can apply governance actions?	File Policy.	Core MDCA
What governance action hides a sensitive file from users pending review?	Put in admin quarantine.	Core MDCA
A security team wants to identify risky behaviour across cloud applications based on unusual user activity patterns. Which MDCA capability should they use?	User and Entity Behavior Analytics (<b>UEBA</b>)&nbsp;<b></b>anomaly detection.	MDCA Scenario
What does an Impossible Travel alert indicate?	"A user&#x27;s credentials were used from geographically distant locations within an unrealistic timeframe."	Core MDCA
What must be enabled to apply Azure Information Protection or Purview sensitivity labels through MDCA?	The Microsoft 365 app connector.	Core MDCA
