#separator:tab
#html:true
#tags column:3
What are the two primary pillars of Microsoft Defender for Cloud?	Cloud Security Posture Management (CSPM) and Cloud Workload Protection (CWP).	Cloud Defender for
What is Secure Score and how is it improved?	A measurement of security posture that improves when recommendations are remediated and resources become compliant.	Cloud Defender for
How does Defender for Cloud extend protection to non-Azure virtual machines?	By onboarding them through Azure Arc.	Cloud Defender for
What feature helps limit exposure to brute-force attacks on management ports?	Just-in-time (JIT) VM access.	Cloud Defender for
Which feature automatically creates application allowlists for Windows servers?	Adaptive Application Controls.	Cloud Defender for
What underlying Azure service is used to evaluate and enforce Defender for Cloud security controls?	Azure Policy.	Cloud Defender for
What is the purpose of Asset Inventory?	To provide a centralized view of resources, posture, and security recommendations.	Cloud Defender for
Why is Auto Provisioning used?	To automatically deploy required security agents and extensions.	Cloud Defender for
Which agent replaced the retired Log Analytics Agent?	Azure Monitor Agent (AMA).	Cloud Defender for
What is the purpose of Azure Monitor Agent (AMA)?	To collect monitoring and security data using Data Collection Rules.	Cloud Defender for
What happens when Defender for Endpoint auto provisioning is enabled?	The Defender for Endpoint sensor is automatically deployed to eligible machines.	Cloud Defender for
What is Direct Onboarding?	A method of connecting non-Azure servers through Defender for Endpoint without Azure Arc.	Cloud Defender for
What is a key limitation of Direct Onboarding compared to Azure Arc onboarding?	It lacks Azure management capabilities such as Azure Policy and extensions.	Cloud Defender for
What is Azure Arc primarily used for?	Managing on-premises, multicloud, and non-Azure resources as Azure resources.	Cloud Defender for
What is the recommended onboarding method for non-Azure servers?	Azure Arc-enabled servers.	Cloud Defender for
What is the difference between Azure Arc and AWS/GCP cloud connectors?	Azure Arc manages individual resources, while cloud connectors integrate entire AWS or GCP environments.	Cloud Defender for
What benefits are gained from connecting AWS or GCP environments to Defender for Cloud?	Centralized visibility, recommendations, Secure Score integration, and security posture management.	Cloud Defender for
What is the relationship between policies, initiatives, and recommendations in Defender for Cloud?	Policies evaluate requirements, initiatives group policies, and noncompliant policies generate recommendations.	Cloud Defender for
What are security controls in Defender for Cloud?	Logical groups of related recommendations representing a specific attack surface.	Cloud Defender for
How are industry and regulatory standards represented in Defender for Cloud?	As Azure Policy initiatives displayed in the Regulatory Compliance dashboard.	Cloud Defender for
What is the purpose of the Regulatory Compliance dashboard?	To measure and track compliance against standards such as NIST, PCI-DSS, ISO 27001, and CIS.	Cloud Defender for
What are Workbooks used for?	To create interactive visualizations and reports.	Cloud Defender for
What additional scanning capabilities are included in Defender for Servers Plan 2?	Agentless vulnerability scanning, malware scanning, and machine secrets scanning.	Cloud Defender for
How is DNS threat protection provided since Defender for DNS was retired?	It is included within Defender for Servers Plan 2.	Cloud Defender for
How does Defender for Storage identify uploaded malware?	By using storage telemetry and hash reputation analysis.	Cloud Defender for
Which log source should be reviewed when investigating Defender for Resource Manager alerts?	Azure Activity Log.	Cloud Defender for
What are the three pillars of Defender for Containers?	Environment hardening, vulnerability assessment, and runtime threat protection.	Cloud Defender for
What must be installed to enforce Kubernetes security policies?	Azure Policy for Kubernetes.	Cloud Defender for
True or False: Defender for Azure Cosmos DB directly inspects stored database content.	False. It analyzes service telemetry rather than stored data.	Cloud Defender for
What is the difference between an alert and an incident in Defender for Cloud?	An alert is a single threat detection, while an incident is a collection of correlated alerts created through Cloud Smart Alert Correlation.	Cloud Defender for
What three analytics methods are used to detect threats in Defender for Cloud?	Threat intelligence, behavioral analytics, and anomaly detection.	Cloud Defender for
What is behavioral analytics?	The use of machine learning and known attack patterns to identify compromised resources.	Cloud Defender for
What is anomaly detection?	The use of deployment-specific baselines to identify unusual activity.	Cloud Defender for
What does a High severity alert indicate?	A high probability of compromise requiring immediate investigation.	Cloud Defender for
Why are MITRE ATT&amp;CK tactics included with security alerts?	To help identify the attack stage and guide investigations.	Cloud Defender for
What can automate responses to alerts and recommendations?	Azure Logic Apps through Workflow Automation.	Cloud Defender for
Which events can trigger Workflow Automation?	Security alerts and security recommendations.	Cloud Defender for
What is a suppression rule used for?	To automatically dismiss future alerts that match defined criteria.	Cloud Defender for
What happens when an alert matches a suppression rule?	It is generated but automatically marked as Dismissed.	Cloud Defender for
What is the purpose of a Threat Intelligence Report?	To provide attacker information, IoCs, campaigns, tactics, and remediation guidance.	Cloud Defender for
What are the three types of Threat Intelligence Reports?	Activity Group Report, Campaign Report, and Threat Summary Report.	Cloud Defender for
